Hello, I am Priyanka Sambhaav. You are watching the
country's number one consumer show,
Pehredaar, where we raise the voice for your rights.
Today in Pehredaar, it has become impossible for consumers to get a claim from ICICI Lombard. We will
tell you why
Pehredaar's intervention was needed. A consumer's Panasonic
TV broke down during the warranty period. They did
not get any help from the service center.
Two disappointed consumers of the shopping website ShopClues are
raising
their voice against the poor service by coming to the platform of the payer. So
why did ICICI Lombard refuse to pay the claim? The
company is giving us the answer to this.
But before that, let us present
his case before you. This was Parikshit Pranesh from Gurgaon,
who is very fond of car racing and travelling.
In the month of April, Parikshit was on his way to
Himachal when his
Ford Endeavour met with a very bad accident.
Parikshit immediately
called his insurance company, ISI Lombard, and
asked for roadside assistance, but
he was told that the
facility of roadside assistance was not provided in the policy.
After this, the condition of the car was  Pranesh was
ready to pay the money, he
said that I am also ready for a paid service
and you please help me at the accident spot
and ISI Lombard did roadside assistance,
somehow Parikshit
took his car to Ford's service center
which was a nearby service center, he started getting it
repaired through insurance but
here also he had to face a lot of trouble,
Parikshit is with us
on the phone line, Parikshit ji, you are most welcome,
how much trouble did you face, first of all you were going through
a trauma, you had a very
bad accident, which I am knowing from your mail
and how was Ford's attitude at that
time when you were going through the accident,
first of all when this accident happened, it happened at around 1.30 in the night
and I was
with my friends and family, so
obviously I did not get any help at that time,
I called these people
ISI and Ford and both of them said that
you will not get any help at this time, so the
lorry on the side
The mechanic who was supposed to repair both my
tyres repaired them and in the same way we
went back to the service centre in Gurgaon and
when we gave the car to the service centre, they told me to make a
claim in the insurance
and when the insurance surveyor came and saw it, he
said that tyres are
not covered in the insurance in the first place
and then he said that the rest of the alloys were
damaged due to tyre burst, he said that
you drove all the way from there to here, so
we will not cover anything in the insurance
and he was
telling you to pay Rs. 8000 only for repairing the alloys
and the total cost was coming to Rs. 35 lakhs, the
tyres were burst, the chassis was damaged a
lot, the car was damaged,
when the service centre people tried to replace the alloys,
they found out that along with them, the
chassis and then the axle on which the tyres
fit were both damaged and they had given
me a total estimate of Rs. 5.5 lakh for the chassis
and as I told them, I
told the ICC people that this has happened due to the burst tyres.
Even though Ford had
written in the letter that this
happened due to an accident, they
refused it clearly saying that this cannot happen due to a burst tyre in this car
and we will
not give the claim no matter who you go to,
we are rejecting it,
what was the P/O contention, why did they reject the claim,
they said this tyre is
not covered under this claim, what was their problem,
their problem was that because
tyre is not covered in insurance,
whatever problem has happened to the car due to that, we will
not cover it, of course the
service centre report was also clearly saying
that yes, this was an accident, but
ICICI Lobar was adamant on its stand, now
Parikshit, you stay with me, I will
tell you what SSA Lobar
told us in its reply, Parikshit kept running around the company for a month,
when
we sent their complaint to ICS Lobar, we
wanted to know the stand of the company, then the company
told us in its written reply that they never
rejected the customer's claim, the company
only repaired the car  Chase had expressed its stand on the loss incurred and the
customer had
not shared the replacement letter with the company. On May 14, the company
employees met the customer
and inquired about the details of the car. Now, as per the rules, the company
is ready to reimburse the repair cost of the car. After the agreement between the customer and the company, the
repair work has already started.
Parikshit is with me. Parikshit
says that they never told me that they are
rejecting your claim. In their official
reply, this is what Ace Lombard is telling us. Will
you tell me what happened that
they never clearly said this.
They even called me and
told the service advisor that
if they want, we will only give you the S favor and
reject everything else. We have
also written a letter to the customer. Although that letter has
not reached me, but when I
spoke to the customer, he himself told
me that you can go to any officer you want
and he
also messaged me the name and number of his supervisor
if you want to talk to me.  If you want to allot,
you can allot, but nothing can be done in this,
but now something is happening,
how has the situation changed after the intervention of the government,
Parikshit, tell me for you, as soon as
my friends on CNBC
said that CNBC Awaaz is a show in which you can
demand for your rights, so as soon as I
wrote an email to you, I think
a mail from your studio went to them and the very
next day I got a call and they
said that sir, we have never asked you to do this, if
you can meet with us
then we can reach a settlement
and now this settlement is being done, Aas
Lobar is giving you the full Rs 1 lakh as a claim to
repair your car, they are
not giving the full Rs 1 lakh, they are saying that the depreciation
amount will be cancelled,
whatever is due after that depreciation amount will be given,
and but their attitude has now changed,
Parikshit, do you feel that there has been a
change in their attitude, they have just given the
go ahead, they have
told the service center people  It is that
first they were saying that if you
can get it repaired then get it repaired and Ford
clearly refused that we
cannot play with the life of the customer because life
is more important, then they said that
okay if this is Ford's report then
we are ready to replace, so
they have just given the approval, so it is
coming, the car has not been repaired yet but there is no
problem or obstruction from their side,
okay so let's go, are you satisfied Parikshit, yes sir,
thank you so much Priyanka, thank you
Parikshit for talking to us, there was a
case stuck, the claim
was not ready to give loan to the consumer,
but now they say that they never refused
and now this claim is being processed,
after the intervention of the Padar, it's time for
a break, after the break,
help to the Panasonic consumer, the TV got damaged
in the warranty period but the company
was not ready for any kind of help,
welcome back, you are watching Pehredaar Ja,
we raise your voice, Nirmal of Ranchi
Kumar Gupta had a Panasonic
plasma TV which he had
purchased for around Rs. 0,000. The TV developed a
display problem during the warranty period. Nirmal
filed a complaint with the company.
After filing the first complaint on March 15, when he did
not get a response,
he filed a second complaint on April 9.
Panasonic engineers did visit his house but
his problem was not resolved even after 55
days. His complaint was
not being heard. So Nirmal wrote to Pehredaar.
Nirmal ji's nephew Varun is with us on the phone line from Ranchi, who will
tell us the entire experience of what was happening.
Varun ji, hello, welcome. How much
trouble have you and your uncle faced with this Panasonic
TV?
Tell me. Hello Pehredaar team. Actually,
we wrote a lot of complaints.
We requested them several times to provide
some solution or an alternative.
They committed. The Panasonic team committed
that first, either your part will be replaced within seven days
or
they will replace the TV.  Well, when the
service engineer reached your house,
he told you that the
component responsible for the display problem will either be replaced
or a new TV will be given to you. He had given some
time frame as to how many days it would take to do this.
Then what happened? They had given a
time frame of seven days. But
despite that,
we contacted their local dealer and local service
manager asking
why the part has not arrived yet. First, they kept saying that it will
arrive in a day or two.
They kept postponing it for a long time.
Those one or two days were never ending.
And then you decided to write to us.
Tell me how our intervention made a difference in your entire case. When we contacted the Pehredaar team, the very
next day,
first we got a call from Panasonic, a
call from Gurgaon office and then we got a call from the local
service engineer, sorry service manager,
and he committed that the
next available model will be given to
you. Make a draft of it. Please make a
draft of the difference. So, we informed
them.  We prepared a draft of the difference and gave it to them.
They resolved the problem on the third day. But before that, the
TV in your house did
not work for almost two months. So, what did
you think after seeing the change in Panasonic's behavior?
Now, I cannot say much about it,
but yes, the Pahredaar team was a
great support due to which
they resolved the problem
after so many days, but
they resolved it on time, meaning as soon as
I contacted the Pahredaar team,
my problem was resolved within three days. Well,
thank you Varun ji for
talking to us. We are happy that
Panasonic has replaced your TV and given it to you.
But this was your absolutely right
demand. You were not asking for anything extra. In
fact, they have also paid the difference.
But the fact that the consumer had to wait for so long
definitely bothers the consumer. Please tell us
what reply Panasonic gave us. On May 11,
we sent their complaint to Panasonic. On
May 16, we received a written reply from the company
that they  The TV has been replaced.
Panasonic seemed to be taking swift action to resolve the issue, even after the complaint was forwarded by Pahad.
We hope the company will learn from this entire
consumer experience:
if a consumer is demanding something rightfully, they should
fulfill it as soon as possible. Don't delay like this. It's time for a break.
After the break, Shop
Clues customers were disappointed with the company's service.
Pehredaar is raising the voice of these consumers
against poor service.
Welcome back. You are watching Pehredaar. We
often shop from shopping websites so that
we don't get stuck in traffic, don't
sweat in the hustle and bustle of the parking lot, and
get the product at home and
complete our shopping. But if the
product is defective or you do
n't like it, you might find yourself in a new dilemma.
And something similar happened
with Naveen Sahani from Delhi. He is a senior
citizen and was thinking of
ordering an LED TV from home. He chose the
shopping website.  shopclues.com but when
this TV reached them and it did not work then
how much they were upset,
Naveen ji is with me in my studio to tell you in detail,
you were very upset, what was the attitude of Shop Clues,
you bought a good TV,
paid Rs. 000 but the TV was not working,
see when the TV was not working then I
complained to them,
they replied to me very nicely that you
take three pictures with it and send it to us, we will take
immediate action, after that they
confirmed that the TV arrived,
after four-five days when I spoke to them, they
said that it will take four-five days,
after that I kept following them till 25th-26th after every two-three
days and I kept getting the
same reply that it will take three-four days
and four-five days, then they
said that we will get this defective TV
reverse picked up and then will tell you the solution
but that reverse pickup never happened,
you kept waiting, the
TV had reached in the first week of April, till now that
reverse pickup has not happened,  They used to
say that there is some technical problem due to which
we are not taking it, it will take three-four
more days. Ultimately, I sent them an email on
27th that if you behave like this with me, then
I will approach the guard
or go to the consumer court.
Even after that, they did not take any action.
They also offered that I will come and
deliver the TV to you at the warehouse.
After that, I told them twice that
you cannot do this, you send it through courier.
If I send the TV through courier
and it breaks, then who is
responsible? But now the TV has been picked up.
When the guard raised this issue, we
waited for a long time with Shop Clue. Naveen Sani
ji did it at his level, but it did not happen. When
we contacted Shop Clue, they said that your
TV is now defective. They have picked it up. They will come and pick it up. On
15th evening, two boys came and
first they called me and said that they are coming to
pick up the TV. I said most
welcome. They came and came on a motorcycle to take the 48-inch
TV. And then
they  They hired a three wheeler from there and
took it away. Next day again I got a
message that today the TV so and so person
will come and collect it. Two hours later
I got an email saying that we confirm that we have
picked up your TV. So, there are
many
questions or marks on their after sales service, but the TV has been picked up
but the final solution has not been received yet whether they will
give you a new TV in exchange or
refund your money. Some solution, right now
shopclues.com has ₹ 7000. We
would like to inform you that
follow up is still needed in Naveen ji's case. Naveen ji, we are in
touch with Shopclues and they are talking about
giving you relief, but
we will wait to see what action they will take.
You will also have to wait. But you
feel that due to the intervention of the guard, at least the
reverse pickup of the TV which was not happening has happened.
If I had not approached the guard, then
probably I would have kept calling for six months like this
and my problem would have been solved.  The bill that
came this month was only for the mobile. I kept
talking to Shop Clues, let's
talk for an hour, thank you. You did
n't leave your house for shopping, but
thank you for coming to our studio for us. But
Naveen Sahani's case hasn't been closed yet.
Shop Clues has taken back the defective TV through reverse pickup,
but what will Shop Clues do in exchange for it?
This question still remains. We will continue to follow up on his case
and he had
ordered a product for himself from our facebook.com,
but he alleges that Shop Clues
showed one thing and sold another. Chirag is
with me. Chirag ji, tell me
why are you making these allegations? What was shown and what was sold to
you? Please solve this whole mystery.
I had ordered a mobile phone on Shop
Clues. I confirmed the order and made the payment.
After that, I got a message from them saying that
this phone is not the phone,
but we are sending the body of this phone.
Okay, and when I told them that
I had ordered the phone for him,
they said that you can cancel it.  They
told me a procedure
through which I tried many times but the order was
not getting cancelled. Okay, and did the
body of the phone reach you?
They took a lot of time in sending the body of the phone to me. They said that
you will have to receive it first, after that
you can return it, but it took
more than a month for the product to reach me.
So Chirag ji,
if there is a problem with the Easy Click through which you do shopping, then it is not resolved,
it is not resolved with the company.
Whenever they told me that you should give a complaint for order cancellation on
phone, we will solve
your problem within 48 hours, but that did
not happen. Later, many times I
approached the guard through phone and after that I got a
call from them. Okay, so those 48
hours which were never ending,
ended after the intervention of the guard, they ended. Now what to do,
after approaching the guard,
they confirmed to me two days ago
that they have processed it.  I have to
return my payment and
it will be credited to my account within a week,
finally you are going to get your money.
Congratulations, are you happy with the
way Pehredaar has helped you? Chirag ji, madam,
absolutely thank you. Thank you for talking to us.
Pehredaar had put Chirag ji's
case before Shop Clues and the company
assured us that he would be
given immediate relief and he has got relief,
so this is a matter of happiness. On one hand, there is Chirag
from Surat, whom Shop Clues has given relief to,
but what Shop Clues will do in future regarding the faulty TV delivered to Naveen Sahani.
We will definitely keep an eye on this.
We will raise this question
again when we get a final solution
from shopclues.com. Please
give us this information today, we will be back next week.
Join us to get your rights. Know your rights, your
complaints. You can email us
on pehredaar@network.com. You can follow me on @priyankasambhav
and you can send your
complaints and suggestions to us like this  Keep
sending, that's all for today,
Namaskar.